Customer smiles—
delivered at scale
A poor customer experience can cause
your customers to leave and never come
back. Delivering a great customer experience
is hard work; companies must work with
complex infrastructure, organizational silos
and manual processes. Yet, customers expect
great experiences every time they interact with
you. Your success depends on your ability to
delight them.
Proactively measure operational customer
experience from the outside-in. With this service,
you can identify defects that affect customers
across digital and voice channels. The Cyara
CX Assurance Platform helps you accelerate
customer experience development, increase
quality across all digital and voice channels, and
assure end-to-end customer journeys.
Innovation without the high cost
Genesys has teamed with Cyara, the world’s
leading customer experience assurance platform
provider, to address the traditional challenges
of rapid innovation while reducing development
costs and risks of customer-facing defects.
Cyara simulates real-world customer interactions
and engages with your customer experience
applications to ensure journeys happen exactly
as you designed them. Users author test cases
and the system generates synthetic interactions
based on the details in those test cases. Cyara
supports the broadest range of interaction
channels—voice, web, chat, chatbot, email and
SMS. The solution also offers the broadest
scope—from customer experience design
through functional and regression testing, to
performance testing and production monitoring.
Support customer journeys from end to end,
including self-service through to agent-assisted
service and the agent desktop experience.
Cyara is easy to use and has an intuitive
interface that makes it easy to build test cases
without specialized coding skills; the solution
maximizes automation throughout the assurance
process. The platform monitors and tests your
Genesys applications and other contact center
technologies using real calls without affecting
customers or agents.
How the Cyara platform works
• Comprehensive customer experience
assurance platform: Supports the
broadest customer experience assurance
needs—from functional and regression
testing to performance testing and
production monitoring.
• Maximum automation: Increase customer
experience quality by maximizing
automation of testing and monitoring,
including automated discovery of your current
customer experience and automated test-
script creation and maintenance.
• Easy to use: Intuitive interface makes it easy
to build test cases without specialized coding
skills. A common interface enables you to
reuse tests and components across platform
functionality while minimizing rework.
• End-to-end testing and monitoring: Assure
journeys comprehensively from self-service
to agent-assisted service; assure the agent
desktop experience.
• Omnichannel: Test the widest array of voice
and digital interaction channels, including IVRs,
